Q How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
  was introduced?
-> By having the two difference type of versions we can compare them and check what difference is between them and find our typo.

Q How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
   efficient programmer in the long term?
-> by keeping the entire history of a file ,we can undo our mistake which we done in newer file.

Q What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
  commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
   docs does?
-> Pros:
   1) this help us understand why we commit it
   2)we only commit what is logically change help us to view our commits.
   3) we can also commit offline .
   
   Cons:
   1) if we forget to commit ,the data will be lost.

Q Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
   while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
-> by saving multiple files in one commit in git cause it affect ther files also so they are also changes..
   while other thn google docs they save only the one that is changed ,but it gets really complicated cause you need to find
   does it affect other files also.
   In git,it takes other file as the same if not changes while in other VCS it dont even save other files..
   (See the pdf for more detailS).
Q  How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
-> first we use git log to see how many commit we have made...
   after finding the target commit we compare the diff between them by comparing it with the previous commit we made using
   the git diff (commit of target) (commit of previous version).
   by doing this we will be able to find the difference between two versions of file.
   
Q  How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
-> by using version control we will be able to checkout to the previous version to see i that has bug or not,
  through this way it can be helpful to use version control to verify the bugs in codes.
  
 Q Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
 -> i wil use git for my app i am going to make ,after i learn git and then app development from udacity.


   